What are you doing?
I take breakfast
Gray wolf, look silly and sneaky
Nothing good at first glance
Is Silly Xiang ready?
Here comes the bear
I want to go to the streets with you
Inside this vase is a pair of brothers
Why don't you just take it?
What a pair?
that
Although this flower is the same
But there is a crack in the lower right corner
Maybe you can use it to steal the sky for water
Brother Cangfeng
What are you thinking about?
Linger, you promised me before
Will fulfill my request
Does it still count?
Of course it counts
Brother Tang Feng, what do you want?
I want
Is that the hook vase that Silly Joe just took away?
Just that broken vase
I'm going to ask my dad for it.
Your dad is still my kiss?
Don't tell him yet
No problem, Brother Cangfeng
This is the bag walking on me.
I'll take you to find Brother Qiang now
And so forth.
Brother, what are you two doing?
Dad, I'm going out with Brother Tang Seng to relax and wait
In a while, silly Xiang, come back and accompany me
The madman has to come with me
I'm taking you out on a big deal today